scaffolding images (#1106)
telerik/maui-docs: installation/vs-integration/scaffoldings.md

![.NET MAUI Scaffolding screen look](../images/datagrid_page.png)

> ## Theme Aware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Themes on a Scaffolded Page
```

The Scaffolding page templates use the [Telerik .NET MAUI controls](https://www.telerik.com/maui-ui).
To control the visual appearance of the controls in the pages when changing the theme on device or app level, apply [Telerik theming]({%slug themes-overview%}) to the project. 

> There are [theme swatch variatons]({%slug themes-overview%}#swatch) you can set in the application, change them at runtime based on the device theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set various [theme swatches]({%slug themes-overview%}#swatch) in the application and change them at runtime based on the applied device theme.
```

> or more details on the suggested implementation, see the [Changing the Theme at Runtime KB article]({%slug change-telerik-theme-runtime%}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on the suggested implementation, see the [Changing the Theme at Runtime KB article]({%slug change-telerik-theme-runtime%}).
```
